feat: Allow user to specify a format for stdout (#242) (#293)
GoogleCloudPlatform/professional-services-data-validator: README.md

  --labels or -l KEY1=VALUE1,KEY2=VALUE2
                        (Optional) Comma-separated key value pair labels for the run.
  --verbose or -v       Verbose logging will print queries executed

>   --format or -fmt      Pretty Printing command output, Supported formats are (text, csv, json, table)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --format or -fmt      Format for stdout output, Supported formats are (text, csv, json, table)
```
